c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\Blackjack.exe.config
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\obj\Debug\Blackjack.Form1.resources
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\obj\Debug\Blackjack.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\obj\Debug\Blackjack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\Blackjack.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\Blackjack.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\obj\Debug\Blackjack.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\obj\Debug\Blackjack.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\b1fv.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\10C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\10D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\10H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\10S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\2C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\2D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\2H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\2S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\3C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\3D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\3H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\3S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\4C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\4D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\4H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\4S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\5C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\5D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\5H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\5S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\6C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\6D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\6H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\6S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\7C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\7D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\7H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\7S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\8C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\8D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\8H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\8S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\9C.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\9D.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\9H.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\9S.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\AC.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\AD.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\AH.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\AS.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\JC.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\JD.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\JH.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\JS.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\KC.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\KD.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\KH.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\KS.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\QC.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\QD.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\QH.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Blackjack\Blackjack\bin\Debug\QS.png
